3 trillion Quang Lang kings
Now we've lost trillions of orders.
If Kim Thinh Bank recovers a loan of VND3 trillion
I booked international
Just afraid of immediately dividing profits, bankruptcy and bankruptcy.
But if I could give away all my family's possessions.
You can't pay this loan.
Hey.
What?
General Director Wang Lin
Because the partner was dissolved.
Now for a while, we can't find new partners.
Now all the factories are stalled.
The order was returned.
Egret International has fallen into paralysis.
Director General Chi, I'm in a serious international crisis right now.
Song of the Day
Think of a way.
Big Brother, now Bat Lu International is under siege.
You come down here and help me.
Everything today is business.
I cannot abuse my power to impose intervention.
But I have expressed my support for your holding of Egret International.
But if you can't solve Egret International's predicament,
Then there's nothing I can do about it.
Master, I have given up.
There's only one way to bring Egret back.